fixing some mixed up annotations (#89566)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-yaml-aws.adoc

    -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.ami.id}{"\n"}' \
    get machineset/<infrastructure_id>-<role>-<zone>
----
ifndef::edge[]
<5> Specify the zone name, for example, `us-east-1a`.
endif::edge[]
ifdef::edge[]
<5> Specify the zone name, for example, `us-east-1-nyc-1a`.
endif::edge[] 
<6> Specify the region, for example, `us-east-1`.
ifndef::edge[]
<7> Specify the infrastructure ID and zone.
endif::edge[]
ifdef::edge[]
<7> The ID of the public subnet that you created in AWS {zone-type}. You created this public subnet ID when you finished the procedure for "Creating a subnet in an AWS zone".
endif::edge[]
<8> Optional: Specify custom tag data for your cluster. For example, you might add an admin contact email address by specifying a `name:value` pair of `Email:\admin-email@example.com`.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Custom tags can also be specified during installation in the `install-config.yml` file. If the `install-config.yml` file and the machine set include a tag with the same `name` data, the value for the tag from the machine set takes priority over the value for the tag in the `install-config.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify custom tags during installation in the `install-config.yaml` file. If the `install-config.yml` file and the machine set include a tag with the same `name` data, the value for the tag from the machine set takes priority over the value for the tag in the `install-config.yaml` file.
```

- Active voice can be used in the note.
- Replace `install-config.yml` / `install-config.yaml`
